# Speech to Intent Dataset

Dataset Release for Intent Classification task from Speech

## About

This is a dataset for Intent classification from human speech, and covers 14 coarse-grained intents from the Banking domain. This work is inspired by a similar release in the [Minds-14 dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/PolyAI/minds14) - here, we restrict ourselves to Indian English but with a much larger training set. The dataset is split into:
- test - `100` samples per intent
- train - `>650` samples per intent

The data was generated by 11 (Indian English) speakers, recording over a telephony line. We also provide access to anonymised speaker info - like gender, languages spoken, native language - with the hope that this will allow more structured discussions around robustness and bias, in the models you train.

## Download and License

The dataset can be downloaded by clicking on this [link](https://speech-to-intent-dataset.s3.ap-south-1.amazonaws.com/speech-to-intent.zip). Incase you face any issues please reach out to kmanas@skit.ai.

This dataset is shared under [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) Licence. This places restrictions on commercial use of this dataset.

## Uses



## Structure

This release contains data of (Indian English) speech samples tagged with an intent from the Banking domain. Also includes the transcript template used to generate the sample.

Audio Quality : 8 Khz, 16-bit

Structure

```
- wav_audios          [contains the wav audio files]
- train.csv           [contains the train split, where each row contains "<id> | <intent-class> | <template> | <audio-path> | <speaker-id>"]
- test.csv            [contains the test split, where each row contains "<id> | <intent-class> | <template> | <audio-path> | <speaker-id>"]
- intent_info.csv     [contains information about the intents, where each row contains "<intent-class> | <intent-name> | <description>"]
- speaker_info.csv    [contains information about the speakers, where each row contains "<speaker-id> | <native-language> | <languages-spoken> | <places-lived> | <gender>"]

```

More information regarding the dataset can be found in the [datasheet](./datasheet.md).

## Citation

If you are using this dataset, please cite using the link in the About section on the right.
